refac: apply `n.snapshot_weightings` before `compute_benchmark()` in `build_statistics` (#674)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/release_notes.rst

* Modify B1 indicator calculation to only use OPEX and not total system cost (OPEX + CAPEX) (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/668).

> * Apply snapshot weightings within networks instead of within ``n.statistics`` groupings in ``build_statistics`` to improve performance (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/674).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve performance of ``build_statistics`` by adjusting snapshot weightings within networks to be applied automatically within ``n.statistics`` instead of manually in ``build_statistics`` (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/674).
```
